---
title: Covid19
layout: post
---

It's official: Covid's finally got me. I went from feeling absolutely fine to becoming a complete slobbering mess within just a few hours. It hit me hard and it hit me fast, and it came from out of nowhere.

Fever, confusion, cardio arythmia, vision disturbances, hypertension, dizziness, weekness, and pain in every part of my body; all that, plus the usual pleasantries akin to a severe dose of influenza. Then I was dragged, kicking and screeming with delerium, through God-only-knows-where for two days straight.

I came around just after 11 a.m. yesterday. I felt a bit better after a few hours and was even planning to return to business as usual the following day, but then the overwhelming exhaustion kicked in again. Then came another night of crazy nightmares and sweat-soaked sheets.

I woke up this moring feeling like I'd just chugged down ten pints of larger - I was all over the shop. On top of that, was the intense feeling of absolute dispair - depression, I would guess, caused by the virus. I couldn't see straight or even sit up straight, let alone think straight. Business as usual it will certainly be not. All I can do is see what the rest of the day brings and take it from there. 

Right know, I feel like I've just stumbled out of a car crash. On the positive side, my lungs have escaped the onslaught - in all likelihood thanks to the vacine shots I've had. As bad as this experience has been, it could have been a whole lot worse - I'm not hooked up to a ventilator or, worse still, nailed into a coffin.
